link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/BritHemming/full/jONmxOm


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning or context to our code. We use it for accessibiity acess 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's used for the structure of our websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        They are special words inside the opening tag to tell the element what to do. In the HTML.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is the most important information on the page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The img tag for pictures and the link tag for links.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head tag.
    7. What is an id? 
        Selector matches an element based on the value of the element's id attribute.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Attributes elemits 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Onlt the first time.
    10. What is a class? 
        Attribute is often used to point to a class name in a style sheet. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        The div element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Three times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By adding target=”_blank” attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Specifies an alternate text for the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        $ h2{something: something}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class name can be used by multiple HTML elements, while an id name must only be used by one HTML element within the page. Id is best used when trying to apply CSS properties to that one attributed. Class is when you have to use CSS properties in many locations.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        $ .className{something: something}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        $ p.human{something: something}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Helps change certain elements in that section without changing all of them.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        $ #sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        $ line-height:1.5;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        $ letter-spacing:2;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        $ text-transform:capitalize/lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        $ .divname{border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        $ *{something} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*The comment you want to make*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        $ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        $ rm <file> Need to be careful because it does not ask you for confirmation when deleting files.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Is important to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes and after you finish or feel like you should.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        $ git push but before that you would need git commit -m "comments"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        You would first fork the Repo. Then clone it into file you want by using cd to the doccument. Then use git clone (link). Then cd into the file. Now branch our with git checkout -b 'first-lastname'. Now use (code .) to work on the code. After you finish use (git add .) then commit with (git commit -m 'comment about what you did') then push it with (git push -u origin branch-name(first-lastname)). Now go back to github and submit a pull request. Then go to your forked Repo and click on the Branch:master and click your name and New pull request. Its important to not approve your own work, have someone check it.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 